
So, let's create an application
Introducing Codebreaker

Codebreaker is a logic game in which a code-breaker tries to break a secret code created by a code-maker. The code-maker, which will be played by the application we’re going to write, creates a secret code of four numbers between 1 and 6.

The code-breaker then gets some number of chances to break the code. In each turn, the code-breaker makes a guess of four numbers. The code-maker then marks the guess with up to four + and - signs.

A + indicates an exact match: one of the numbers in the guess is the same as one of the numbers in the secret code and in the same position.

A - indicates a number match: one of the numbers in the guess is the same as one of the numbers in the secret code but in a different position.



Selecting Stories

A great way to get started gathering user stories is to do a high-level brain dump of the sorts of things we might like to do. Here are some titles to get started:

    Start game

    When a new game was started, the game generates secret code. The code should have 4 items.
    Code-breaker submits guess

    The code-breaker propose a guess, and the system replies by marking the guess according to the marking algorithm.
    Code-breaker wins game

    The code-breaker propose a guess that matches the secret code exactly. The system responds by marking the guess with four + signs.
    Code-breaker loses game

    After some number of turns, the game tells the code-breaker that the game is over (need to decide how many turns and whether to reveal the code).
    Code-breaker plays again

    After the game is won or lost, the system prompts the code-breaker to play again. If the code-breaker indicates yes, a new game begins. If the code-breaker indicates no, the system shuts down.
    Code-breaker requests hint

    At any time during a game, the code-breaker can request a hint, at which point the system reveals one of the numbers in the secret code.
    Code-breaker saves score

    After the game is won or lost, the code-breaker can opt to save information about the game: who (initials?), how many turns, and so on.

